so this idea that AI is essentially just
a collection of programs Each of which
can do one of the things people can and
together can do all the things that
people can do except their silicon-based
robots so they can do them much faster
and with fewer errors the conclusion
follows almost unavoidably
therefore they the Silicon based robots
will be better than humans
more morally valuable superhumans but
that's false they will never create
anything new because not one of their
programs can do what a person can do
namely create
or rather if any of the programs could
create something completely new
then none of the other ones would be
needed either because that single
program is a knowledge creating program
and so you wouldn't have to pre-load it
with all these other things and you
could pre-load it with all these other
things
but what would be the